Just a moment.
It's done.
check
problem persists

??
Then what is the result you want ?


this smtp is valid, but cannot send from your localhost ?
yes, 

try in your pc
ok
hold

second problem: I wanted to say I cannot report items after purchase, so replace it. You haven't solved this, where is the report? There's need to view the content.

check it??


Ok, I will recheck it.

And then second problem.
which second problem?

I misunderstood. I undertstood the problem is that cant see report item.

And the report area too is missing, not suppose to be empty  = fixed

BTW I will fix the link problem.


And third problem:


These tabs are not working in php mailer: http://prnt.sc/tn9z3c ??

We have not deleted anything under php mailer, so nothing was to be under DELETED. got it?

First adding mailer is not working so this is deleted automatilcally.
no. it can only delete if and only if, we click SEND in shop and it is unable to send mails, BAD = delete (automatic). Now understand?

OK, I see.


These tabs are not working in php mailer:
By the way the deleted tab is working.? if they are clickable but are not performing desired function, is it 
NO
This is working. the showing result is db problem.
This is new error.
brother, let it function please. not just display, or else, it was already there. So please let it function.


OK, I understand.

The problem is that I dont know the logic of your site.

So you must tell me the logic of your site.

I can fixed the error that is showed on display.

I cant fixed the business logic problem.

Do you understand ?

In your reqirement, there is no logic problem.
Please fix as just explained now above. So now u understand that logic? Right? 

Above logic, I understand.
But the extra problems  pr

I think you must explain again the whole logic about your problems in your requirement.

let me show you how the DELETED section is suppose to work...look here.

no no

I cant remember your action.

You must send me the new doc with test case.

Go to next

please chat on skype.

